Oh boy this was a doozy. If the test cases hadn't been so lenient I don't really think brute force (AGAIN) would work. 

Let's analyze the math first. The total number of possible ways to pair together 12 (the maximum amount of wormholes specified in the question) things would be (12!)/(2^6 * 6!) which is only about 10,000. You can think of this ordering 12 numbers (12!) and dividing by the number of dupplicates when ordering each pair (6!) and the order of the pair itself (2^6).

How would one go about coding something that would compute all of the cases? My idea was to implement a recursive function that would continously add "cases" to a vector, where a "case" is a grouping of pairs. It would take the current state of the case it is generating, and the "leftover" numbers that have not been paired yet. Basically, in a for loop, a pair would be pushed back to the "cases" vector and then erased from the "leftover". Then it would call the function with the updated "cases" and "leftover" and then remove the previously added case and add to back to leftover. This would happen until the size of leftover reached 0, where the completed case would be pushed to a vector. Please look at my code for additional clarification, I understand it's a bit messy. In order to verify it worked, I calculated that my function would add 11 x 9 x ... x 3 x 1 cases, which is equal to (12!)/(2^6 * 6!).

After all of the possible cases were calculated, I created another recursive function that would "simulate" a cow going through each wormhole. In essense, it would go the to next closest wormhole to its right. If there did not exist one, it would return false. If it had already "seen" it, it would return true (infinite cycle). If it did not return anything, it would call the function again with the new wormhole coordinate.

However, at the worst this would be 10,000 x 12(each wormhole coordinate) x 12(each wormhole coord could go through all of the other wormholes before arriving at an infinite loop) and even more since you would have to iterate through every value that you have "seen" to check if you saw the coordinate already. So, absolute worst would be 1.4 million + operations! This is terrible. Please correct me if I'm wrong. I feet that I could've done this problem better.
